School placements page (#4213)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/train-to-be-a-teacher/initial-teacher-training.md

environment
* make a positive contribution to your school community

## Your school placements

> You’ll get classroom experience whether you do school-led or university-led training. This is called your school placements. [Find out more about school placements](/train-to-be-a-teacher/school-placements).

Author: ```suggestion
School placements allow you to get experience in the classroom as part of your teacher training. They're an important and exciting part of your training, and help you learn the skills you need to be a teacher. 

[Find out more about school placements](/train-to-be-a-teacher/school-placements).
```
